Update readme (#43)
DFE-Digital/find-itt-placements: README.md

# Readme

# Find ITT Placements

> > A Ruby on Rails application that allows **schools** to publish available placement opportunities and **providers** to search for and manage those opportunities. The app exposes separate interfaces for each audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A Ruby on Rails application that allows **schools** to publish their placement preferences and **providers** to find schools that are open to, or intersted in hosting placements to facilitate more placements across the initial teacher training (ITT) market.

This service has different interfaces for schools and providers, whilst also allowing users with affiliations to multiple organisation types to switch between their organisations.
```

## Table of contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Architecture](#architecture)
* [Tech stack](#tech-stack)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Setup](#setup)

  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [asdf toolchain](#asdf-toolchain)
  * [Environment variables](#environment-variables)
  * [Database](#database)
  * [Node & assets](#node--assets)
* [Running the app](#running-the-app)
* [Authentication](#authentication)
* [Testing](#testing)

  * [Linting & static analysis](#linting--static-analysis)

  * [Intellisense](#intellisense)
* [Docs & ADRs](#docs--adrs)

---

## Overview

This service connects **providers** with **placements** that **schools** list in the system.

* **School interface**: create and manage placement listings, set dates/subjects/locations.

> * **Provider interface**: search, filter, and register interest.

Reviewer: Registering interest in a placement preference is done outside of our service, so it's purely to help find schools they may want to work with
